​​​ ​Hey, Hey, Hey. @you​ ​​
​​​ ​This is a one-way mention to you​ ​​
​​​ ​The two of us are talking till dawn,​ ​​
​​​ ​But it's like I’m talking to myself​ ​​
​​​ ​Nee Nee Nee.​ ​​
​​​ ​Music, Lyrics, video / PinocchioP​ ​​
​​​ ​Illustration / Terada Tera​ ​​
​​​ ​“Sometimes I get chocolate cravings - how about you?”​ ​​
​​​ ​"Girls who don’t need makeup are unbeatable - don’t you think?”​ ​​
​​​ ​"He's annoying, but he's kind - you know?”​ ​​
​​​ ​Hey, Hey, Hey. Listen to me.​ ​​
​​​ ​You’re not looking,​ ​​
​​​ ​But “Yeah, yeah, yeah”​ ​​
​​​ ​You’re not interested,​ ​​
​​​ ​But “Oh, so?”​ ​​
​​​ ​It’s not funny,​ ​​
​​​ ​But “That’s funny”​ ​​
​​​ ​You’re not feeling anything,​ ​​
​​​ ​But “I’m happy”​ ​​
​​​ ​You're not listening,​ ​​
​​​ ​you're not listening,​ ​​
​​​ ​you're not listening​ ​​
​​​ ​I know you're not listening​ ​​
​​​ ​I wonder if my love is reaching you?​ ​​
​​​ ​Hey, Hey, Hey. @you​ ​​
​​​ ​This is a one-way mention to you​ ​​
​​​ ​The two of us are talking till dawn,​ ​​
​​​ ​But it's like I’m talking to myself​ ​​
​​​ ​Hey, Hey, Hey.​ ​​
​​​ ​We’re inexperienced, timid underachievers​ ​​
​​​ ​The whole world is full of love,​ ​​
​​​ ​But it's like I'm all alone​ ​​
​​​ ​How are you feeling right now?​ ​​
​​​ ​“It’s a pain in the ass to type in passcodes every time - right?"​ ​​
​​​ ​"GPS tracking apps are useful - aren't they?”​ ​​
​​​ ​"The full moon is beautiful tonight - yeah?"​ ​​
​​​ ​Hey, Hey, Hey. Listen to me.​ ​​
​​​ ​You don't understand,​ ​​
​​​ ​But “I understand”​ ​​
​​​ ​You don’t know much,​ ​​
​​​ ​But “Ah, that one”​ ​​
​​​ ​It’s not funny,​ ​​
​​​ ​But “That’s funny”​ ​​
​​​ ​You’re really sad,​ ​​
​​​ ​But “Yay Yay”​ ​​
​​​ ​Trivial lies,​ ​​
​​​ ​trivial lies,​ ​​
​​​ ​I’m telling trivial lies​ ​​
​​​ ​Because I want you to look at me!​ ​​
​​​ ​Hey, Hey, Hey.​ ​​
​​​ ​Erase the heart mark​ ​​
​​​ ​I’m in the mood of hiding my embarrassment​ ​​
​​​ ​Covering up my excitement every time we face each other,​ ​​
​​​ ​It's like we're using different languages​ ​​
​​​ ​Hey, Hey, Hey.​ ​​
​​​ ​An eighth magnitude star in a minor role​ ​​
​​​ ​Dreaming in a clumsy way​ ​​
​​​ ​Love lost deep in my heart​ ​​
​​​ ​Like it's someone else's​ ​​
​​​ ​So close, yet so far away​ ​​
​​​ ​Why do you call me a look-at-me girl?​ ​​
​​​ ​Why do you call me selfish?​ ​​
​​​ ​I'm troubled, I'm anxious, I'm turning silent,​ ​​
​​​ ​I'm turning into a bubble,​ ​​
​​​ ​Alone,​ ​​
​​​ ​alone​ ​​
​​​ ​Our "Hey, Hey, Hey"s passing each other​ ​​
​​​ ​There's a fine line between indifference and security​ ​​
​​​ ​Hey, Hey, Hey. @you​ ​​
​​​ ​This is a one-way mention to you​ ​​
​​​ ​The two of us are talking till dawn,​ ​​
​​​ ​But it's like I’m talking to myself​ ​​
​​​ ​Hey, Hey, Hey.​ ​​
​​​ ​We’re inexperienced, timid underachievers​ ​​
​​​ ​The whole world is full of love,​ ​​
​​​ ​But it's like I'm all alone​ ​​
​​​ ​How are you feeling right now?​ ​​
​​​ ​Are you in love with both of us?​ ​​
​​​ ​Can't choose one over the other?​ ​​
​​​ ​Timing : ピノキオピー PINOCCHIOP OFFICIAL CHANNEL​ ​​
​​ ​Subtitle Style : seinai_z​ ​​
​